[Music]
Is Muhammad
Saber We were
sitting in
Ikhtiyar, and Najah and I were sitting, and Sham was comfortable sitting
together. Oh, I have
four family members for my son, their mother, and my son is a foreigner.
He stayed for 15 years when this boy came and this boy
was with them. He was with the family, but God left him
because his father wanted him to live longer.  The house, the house, was forgotten.
Everyone died. My brother, they were all dead. There was nothing but
this child. We were playing. They hit us with a missile. The
house fell on us. I had a flashlight in the middle. I folded it up and
went out. We and my cousin were talking to me in a
flashlight. And I walked, walked, walked, and came out like this.
I found a mountain that is four stories high.  A big mountain.
I came down from the mountain and I came down from it, and
he says a little while later he talks. They took me in the
ambulance and put me on
[music]
The hospital. He was always with his mother. I caught him and he was always happy and
understanding. And now this happens, I don’t know
how. When I say I want to go to my mother, I look for me. I
shout and say, “My mother, my mother is waiting for me.”  Yesterday,
I said, “My mother is waiting for me. She sat looking for me. I didn’t
know how he was yesterday. I mean, we bought him a carton of
milk. I told him, ‘Take a drink.’ He told me, ‘No, my mother is
at home. He is at home at my mother’s.’ The boy
means he is young. That is, it is not the children’s fault. It is not excessive.
Neither me nor a turban. A turban.”  They also raised him, but they did
not exaggerate in him. He is the only child who remained
my son. I mean, you
know, he is going abroad to build
his children’s future. He is really longing for them, and God Almighty, he is
eager to see them. By God, she always calls my mother and
tells her, “I want to see you.” No, it is his goal. He is talking.
I am my goal. I want to buy a piece.  Land and raise the credit of
Lana and her sisters to the universities. When I was on my way, they suddenly
called me and said, “Your children are all lost,
martyred in this cowardly war. God suffices me, and He is the best
disposer of affairs. Our psyche means the soul of the
only survivor, Muhammad, in this
war. Guilt. Children are lost in a war that has no
need for a war. What is our fault? What is our fault?”
In civilians, in people, in
children